Minor edits for AD comments (#823)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

each member, A generates an Add and Commit message adding that member, and
broadcasts them to the group. It also generates a Welcome message and sends this
directly to the new member (there's no need to send it to the group). Only after

> A has received its Commit message back from the group channel does it update its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A has received its Commit message back from the Delivery Service does it update its
```

Applications SHOULD define a policy on how long to keep unused nonce and key
pairs for a sender, and the maximum number to keep. This is in addition to
ensuring that these secrets are deleted according to the deletion schedule

> defined in {{deletion-schedule}} Applications SHOULD also define a policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined in {{deletion-schedule}}. Applications SHOULD also define a policy
```
